(upbeat music playing)
("The Ballad of Davy Crockett"
playing on pocket radio)
♪ Born on a mountain top
in Tennessee ♪
♪ Greenest state
in the land of the free ♪
♪ Raised in the woods
so he knew every tree ♪
♪ Killed him a b'ar
when he was only three ♪
♪ Davy, Davy Crockett ♪
♪ King of the wild frontier ♪
♪ Fought single-handed
through the Injun War ♪
♪ Till the Creeks was whipped
and peace was in store ♪
♪ And while he was handl... ♪
What'd the doctor say?
MRS. FOX: Nothing.
Supposedly, it's just a 24-hour bug.
He gave me some pills.
I told you, you probably
just ate some bad gristle.
Should we take the shortcut
or the scenic route?
Let's take the shortcut.
Hmm. But the scenic route
is so much prettier.
-Okay, let's take the scenic route.
-Great.
It's actually slightly quicker anyway.
(whistles, clicks tongue)
(Mrs. Fox chuckles)
Thank you.
What is a squab?
You know what a squab is.
It's like a pigeon, I suppose.
Should we go through the hole
under the horse fence,
or climb the rail
over the bridle path?
Well, I guess the horse fence
would be a little safer.
But the bridle path puts us right out
next to the squab shack.
(sighs) Well, okay.
What's wrong?
You're acting all skittish.
Don't worry.
I've been stealing birds for a living
since before I could trot.
By the way, you look
unbelievably beautiful tonight.
You're practically glowing.
Maybe it's the lighting.
("Heroes and Villains" playing)
Come on.
♪ I've been taken for lost and gone ♪
♪ And unknown for a long, long time ♪
(Mr. Fox muttering unintelligibly)
♪ Fell in love years ago
with an innocent girl ♪
♪ From the Spanish and Indian home ♪
(laughs)
(whistles)
(whooping)
-(Mr. Fox snarling)
-(squabs squawking)
-What's that?
-MRS. FOX: What?
-I think it's a fox trap.
-MRS. FOX: Where?
-Look at this.
-MRS. FOX: No, get away from there.
Is it spring-loaded?
Yeah. Yeah, I guess
if you come from over there
and you're standing at this door
to the squab shack,
-this gadget probably triggers--
-MRS. FOX: What...
Move out of the way, darling,
that's right where it's going to land.
Don't... Let's go!
-(chain rattling)
-(both gasp)
No, it just falls straight right down.
(sighs)
Guess it's not spring-loaded.
I'm pregnant.
(cheerful music playing)
Wow. We're going to have a cub.
Honey, that's great news.
-If we're still alive...
-(shotgun cocks)
-(gasps)
-(dogs barking)
If we're still alive tomorrow morning,
I want you to find
another line of work.
Okay.
("Heroes and Villains"
continues playing)
♪ My children were raised ♪
♪ You know they suddenly rise ♪
♪ They started so long ago ♪
♪ Head to toe
healthy, wealthy and wise ♪
(bicycle bell rings)
Does anybody actually read my column?
Do your friends ever talk about it?
Of course. In fact, Rabbit's
ex-girlfriend said to me last week,
"I should read Foxy's column."
But they don't get the Gazette.
Ash! Let's get cracking.
Why would they? It's a rag sheet.
-I'm sick.
-You're not sick.
-I have a temperature.
-You don't have a temperature.
-I don't want to go.
-Hurry up. You're gonna be late.
I love the way you handled that.
(slow music playing on radio)
Hmm.
Your cousin Kristofferson's
coming on the 6th.
I want you to be extra nice to him,
'cause he's going through
a very hard time right now.
Where's he gonna sleep?
We're gonna make a bed for him
in your room.
I can't spare the space.
Put him in Dad's study.
Dad's study is occupied by Dad.
I don't want to live
in a hole anymore.
It makes me feel poor.
We are poor. But we're happy.
(speaks French)
Anyway, the views are better
above ground.
Honey, I'm seven
non-fox-years old now.
My father died at seven and a half.
I don't want to live
in a hole anymore.
And I'm going to do
something about it.
(music resumes playing on radio)
(snarling)
(slurps)
Well, I'm off.
Have a good day, my darlings.
You know, foxes live in holes
for a reason.
Mm. Yes and no.
(brushing noisily)
What are you wearing?
Why a cape with the pants
tucked into your socks?
Well, I guess he's just...
different.
(whistles, clicks tongue)
WEASEL:
I'm not the listing agent on it,
so it doesn't really matter
to me either way
But I know he's interested...
Uh, actually, there he is.
Uh, hey, Mr. Fox! Yes. Here it is!
This is the tree! Come on over.
I'm gonna call you back, Bob.
Obviously, it's first growth,
indigenous, original dirt floor.
Good bark, skipping stone hearth,
as you can see.
-(clattering)
-Kylie. Kylie!
What'd I tell you?
I'm showing the property.
-You're not supposed to be here.
-Oh, what time is it? I'm sorry.
This is Kylie.
He's the super. He's a little, uh...
What's in the bucket, Mr. Kylie?
WEASEL: See? See what his eyes
look like? Hey, Kylie.
-Kylie!
-Huh?
Just minnows. Want to try one?
Certainly. Thank you.
It's not exactly an evergreen, is it?
Are there any pines on the market
on this side of the river?
Pines are pretty hard
to come by in your price range.
What... What's that?
(solemn instrumental music playing)
May I ask what you do
for a living, Mr. Fox?
I used to steal birds,
but now I'm a newspaperman.
Oh, sure. I've seen your byline.
-Hmm.
-(snickers)
-Good afternoon, gentlemen.
-You're going? You're going?
Oh, and Kylie, thank you
for the minnow. It was superb.
Don't buy this tree, Foxy.
You're borrowing at nine and a half
with no fixed rate,
plus moving into the most dangerous
neighborhood in the country
for someone of your type of species.
You're exaggerating, Badger.
(scoffs)
I'm sugar-coating it, man.
This is Boggis, Bunce and Bean,
three of the meanest,
nastiest, ugliest farmers
in the history of this valley.
Really? Tell me about them.
All right.
BADGER: Walt Boggis
is a chicken farmer.
Probably the most successful
in the world.
He weighs the same
as a young rhinoceros.
He eats three chickens every day
for breakfast, lunch,
supper and dessert.
That's twelve in total per diem.
Nate Bunce is a duck and goose farmer.
He's approximately the size
of a pot-bellied dwarf,
and his chin would be underwater
in the shallow end of any
swimming pool on the planet.
His food is homemade donuts
with smashed-up goose livers
injected into them.
Frank Bean is a turkey
and apple farmer.
He invented his own species of each.
He lives on a liquid diet
of strong alcoholic cider,
which he makes from his apples.
(beeping, bubbling)
He's as skinny as a pencil,
as smart as a whip,
and possibly the scariest man
currently living.
The local human children
sing a kind of...
eerie little (chuckles)
rhyme about him.
Here, listen to this.
♪ Boggis, Bunce and Bean ♪
♪ One fat, one short, one lean ♪
♪ These horrible crooks
So different in looks ♪
♪ Were nonetheless equally mean ♪
In summation, I think you just
gotta not do it, man. That's all.
MR. FOX: I understand
what you're saying,
and your comments are valuable,
but I'm going to ignore your advice.
The cuss you are.
The cuss am I?
Are you cussing with me?
-No, are you cussing with me?
-Don't cussing point at me.
Don't cuss with someone
you're not going to cuss with,
you little cuss!
(snarling)
(hissing)
(bell dings)
-Just buy the tree.
-Okay.
Take a left, and then to the right.
Set them down. There's another batch.
Help that other guy over there.
Lift with your legs,
not with your back.
Flip it sideways.
Don't try to be a superman here.
All right, we got two circuits here,
We got the yellow circuit
and the green circuit.
Let's just keep them separated.
Hold it right there. We need to bring
about two percent more in.
Good. Here we go. A little bit more,
a little bit more. Looks good.
Let's get that bottom structure
really settled in.
Let's bring in the side unit.
Watch out. Try to be careful
of the branches here, guys.
Don't peel away the bark.
ASH: Wow.
-Hi.
(doorbell rings)
He's slightly younger,
but a cuss of a lot bigger.
That's just genetics, I guess.
Ash has a littler body type.
(music playing on gramophone)
(clears throat)
(sighs) Go.
Watch this, Dad!
Well, well.
Good jump, Ash.
Remember to keep your tail tucked.
Still painting thunderstorms, I see.
Do you still feel poor?
Less so.
(inhales)
(whooping in admiration)
Look at that! This kid's a natural.
I'm speechless, Kristofferson.
(grumbling)
Plus, he knows karate.
-Do you think I'm an athlete?
-What are you talking about?
Well, you know,
I think I'm an athlete.
And, sometimes, I feel like you guys
don't see me that way.
What's the subtext here?
Is he praying?
I think that's yoga.
(chanting softly)
How long is Kristofferson
supposed to stay with us?
Until your uncle gets better.
Right, but, roughly, how long
do we plan to give him on that?
Double pneumonia?
It isn't really that
big a deal, is it?
(whispering)
Lower your voice, Ash.
(enchanting music playing)
(sighs)
Who am I, Kylie?
Who how? What now?
Why a fox? Why not a horse
or a beetle or a bald eagle?
I'm saying this more as,
like, existentialism, you know?
Who am I, and how can a fox
ever be happy
without, forgive the expression,
a chicken in its teeth?
I don't know what you're
talking about, but it sounds illegal.
Here, put this bandit hat on.
Maybe you're a medium.
Take it off
and don't wear it around the house.
And so it begins.
(music playing on radio)
Uh, do you mind if I slide my bedroll
slightly out from under the train set?
It's hard to sleep
in that corkscrew position.
There's a lot of attitudes
going on around here.
Don't let me get one.
No, it's just that
my spinal cord is...
Sleep wherever you want, man.
Here, take my bed. I'll just, uh...
I'll crawl under the bookcase.
Who cares if I get
splinters in my ears?
-Never mind.
-What? Are you going to pout about it?
'Cause I've had it up to here
with the sad house guest routine.
Good night.
(Kristofferson crying softly)
(lively music playing)
I used to do this professionally
and I was very successful at it.
I had to get out of it
for personal reasons,
but I've decided to secretly do
one last big job on the sly.
I'm bringing you in as my secretary
and personal assistant.
Okay.
This is actually kind of a big deal,
so don't just say, "Okay."
Okay. Well, thank you.
I'm going to tape this
for my records,
so don't make a lot of sounds.
Meaning, stop rocking.
Master Plan. Phase one. Side A.
MR. FOX: We'll start with
Boggis's Chicken House Number One.
His only security
is a few old hunting beagles
and a low stone wall.
Now, a word about beagles.
Never look a beagle
directly in the eye.
Why not?
Beagles aren't so tough.
Yeah? Well, first of all, one of these
beagles has chronic rabies,
which he's on medication for.
And if you get bit by him,
you have to get shots
in your stomach for six months.
And, second... Listen,
I'm not going to justify this.
You just pay attention and stop
interrupting me. I'm taping this.
I picked some blueberries
and laced each one
with 10 mg of high potency
sleeping powder.
Enough to tranquilize a gorilla.
-How do we make them eat it?
-Beagles love blueberries.
MR. FOX:
Remember, they aren't very smart,
but they're incredibly paranoid,
so always kill a chicken in one bite.
One bite, get it?
Are you listening to me?
I look in your eyes
and can't tell whether you're getting
anything I'm saying.
Magnesium.
-Magnesium!
-Sorry.
Uh, pipette.
-Pipette!
-Oh, sorry.
Potassium tri...
What are you looking at?
Oh, no.
Why's your cousin
such a wet sandwich?
-I beg your pardon?
-What's that mean?
That means I didn't understand
what you just said. A wet sandwich?
Yeah. A wet sandwich.
He's too short, he dresses
like a girl, he's...
different.
Are you a bully?
You're starting to sound like a bully.
(chuckles) Watch this.
(laughing)
You just destroyed
the whole experiment.
We better extinguish this magnesium.
Stand back.
(exclaims in admiration)
(whistles, sighs)
Hmm. I like your ears.
(stammering) M-Mine?
-AGNES: Mm-hmm.
-Thank you. I like your spots.
Really? I used to cover them up,
but, uh, you know...
(scoffs)
-Hmm?
-You're supposed to be my lab partner.
I am.
No, you're not.
You're disloyal.
(exhilarating music playing)
(both panting)
(sniffs)
A few beagles, as we discussed,
but we're ready for that.
Yeah, back in the old days,
didn't we used to do a thing
where if somebody saw a wolf--
Wolf?
What wolf?
Uh. Nothing?
Never mind.
Here comes the little stone wall.
Not a problem.
(both grunt)
What the cuss? Where did this
giant fence come from?
-We had a master plan.
-What's this lightning bolt?
That could mean, maybe,
this fence might be electric.
Well, I just hope
it doesn't mean thunder,
because I have a phobia of that.
Ah!
Watch this.
(sniffs)
(exclaims in joy)
(whistles, clicks tongue)
Beagles love blueberries.
Didn't I tell you?
The master plan is working again.
Now, this is the tricky part.
One of us has got to
jump the barbed wire,
slide under the tire spikes
and slip open the fence latch.
-Who's it gonna be?
-Not me.
Hmm. You know who could
do this part easily?
It's Kristofferson. That kid's like a
professional, Olympic level...
Why don't we run that way?
There's no obstacles.
Yeah, that's better.
-(Mr. Fox snarling)
-(hens clucking in panic)
(Kylie gasping nervously)
-I said one bite.
-I'm trying!
I have a different kind of teeth
from you. I'm an opossum.
Give me that.
(Mr. Fox snarling)
That's so grisly.
There's blood and everything.
Follow me.
(exhilarating music playing)
All right,
what's the master escape plan?
(alarms blaring)
Follow me again.
(both screaming in pain)
Give me that!
All right. Let's hit the five-and-dime
on the way home.
We need to make
some fake price tags
and wrap these chickens
in wax paper
so it looks like we got it
from the butcher's shop!
(whooping excitedly)
(Both howling)
(Mrs. Fox gasps)
MRS. FOX: Huh.
(whistling nonchalantly)
Where'd you get this chicken?
I picked it up at the five-and-dime
last night on my way back.
It's got a Boggis Farms tag
around its ankle.
Huh. Must have escaped from there
before I bought it.
-(whistling casually)
-Yeah.
Psst!
It's Bunce tonight.
He's got a refrigerated smokehouse
-with 100 geese--
-Whoa, whoa, whoa.
I thought you said we were
only doing one last big job.
We are. But it's not done yet.
It's a triple-header.
(Mr. Fox whispering)
(Mr. Fox shushing)
(instrumental music playing
over headphones)
(Kylie sneezes)
(thuds)
(rooster crowing)
(both laughing quietly)
(Mr. Fox shushing)
(Mrs. Fox gasps)
MRS. FOX: Huh.
Let's see some hustle.
Coach, we don't have whack-bat
where I'm from.
What are the rules?
There's no whack-bat
on the other side of the river?
No, we mostly just run grass sprints
or play acorns.
Hmm. Well, it's real simple.
Basically,
there's three grabbers,
three taggers,
five twig-runners
and the player at whack-bat.
The center-tagger lights a pinecone,
chucks it over the basket.
The whack-batter tries to hit
the cedar-stick off the cross-rock.
The twig-runners
dash back and forth
until the pinecone burns out
and the umpire calls "hot box."
Finally, at the end, you count up
however many score-downs
it adds up to and divide that by nine.
-Got it.
-Go in for Ash.
Substitution! Ash, come out!
You need a breather.
ASH: What? Come out?
What? I still feel good, Coach.
Let me finish this eighth.
No, come on.
Step out, let's go.
Am I getting better, Coach?
Well, you're sure as cuss
not getting any worse.
Really? You mean,
you think I could end up
being as good as my dad
if I keep practicing?
Your dad?
Your dad was probably
the best whack-bat player
we ever had in this school.
No, you don't wanna have to
compare yourself to that.
No, but I think I have some of the
same raw, natural talent, don't you?
You're improving,
let's put it like that.
(whistle blowing)
(valiant instrumental
music playing)
UMPIRE: Hot box!
KRISTOFFERSON:
Divide that by nine, please!
Yeah! Whoo!
That's the first time this kid's
ever swung a whack-bat?
He really is your father's nephew,
isn't he?
-Not by blood.
-No?
-He's from my mother's side.
-Oh, yeah.
What's that stand for?
Huh? It's, uh... It's for pep.
Pep? It's a K.
Come on now, look alive! Attaboy!
We're going steady.
(groans)
(music playing on radio)
What's that?
What's what?
What, this?
Oh, it's nothing. Just some old trophy
I won for being an athlete.
I'm supposed to cover
this book party at some animal's nest
in a tobacco field down the hill.
So me and Kylie are going to
hop over there and give it a whirl.
Don't wait up.
What's the book?
Some memoir. I'll get him
to sign you a copy.
Dinner was (kisses) pitch perfect.
I spotted a couple of broken
burglar bars
underneath the back door
to Bean's secret cider cellar.
-We're breaking into Bean's house?
-Cellar.
-Where he lives?
-Where he keeps the cider.
-Below where he lives.
-Where'd you come from?
Why don't you go back to the tree
and do your homework.
I want to help you
steal some cider.
We're going to a book party,
and keep your mouth shut
about any cider,
because nobody said that.
Now, get outta here!
-But... Uh...
-But nothing.
You're going to get me
in a lot of trouble.
Besides, you're too little
and uncoordinated.
One, two, three!
(grumbling)
Where the cuss
does that kid get off?
Can you believe that?
How'd he get tipped off?
You think he's gonna
tell on us?
Before we go any further,
from now on,
can you give me some kind of a signal
once in a while
just so I know any of this
is getting through to you?
Is that it? Okay. All right.
Uh, there's another one.
-Good, you made it. Anybody see you?
-I don't think so.
Here, put this bandit hat on.
I must say,
I'm pleased to be invited,
but I'm not sure
I should be doing this, Uncle Foxy.
-Why not?
--I don't like to be
dishonest with people.
Well, just keep your mouth shut,
it won't be a problem.
Yeah, but I don't think
he should come with us either.
We're not taking a vote!
You know, one time,
this wolf I saw...
Wolf? What's with
all the wolf talk?
Can we give it a rest for once?
(grunting)
(clanging)
(bubbling)
Look at all this apple juice.
Apple juice? Apple juice?
We didn't come here for apple juice.
This is some of the strongest,
finest alcoholic cider money can buy,
or that can even be stolen.
It burns in your throat,
boils in your stomach,
and tastes almost exactly
like pure, melted gold.
(fingers snap)
(match striking)
(sinister music playing)
Y'all are trespassing now,
illegally.
'Round these parts, we don't
take kindly to cider poachers.
You've aged badly, Rat.
You're getting a little long
in the tooth yourself, partner.
(snaps fingers)
Bean security? What? Why are you
wearing that badge? What is that?
It's my job.
(exclaiming)
(hissing)
How's your old lady doing?
Do you refer to my wife?
She was the town tart
in her day.
Wild and footloose and...
(snaps fingers)
pretty as a mink stole.
Is that true?
Of course not. I mean,
certainly, she lived. We all did.
It was a different time.
Let's not use a double standard.
She marched against the--
-But town tart?
-Shut up.
-(Rat exclaims angrily)
-(bottles shattering)
That was close, Rat.
Be careful.
Oh, I'm careful as a...
(door latch unlocking)
-(exclaims)
-Whoa, whoa, whoa.(screams)
(grunting)
(sinister music playing)
How many jars
should I bring up, Franklin?
BEAN: I don't know.
Two, I guess.
MRS. BEAN: Well, you drank
three yesterday though.
BEAN: All right. Take three.
(Rat grunting)
Nope. Two is plenty.
(door closes)
Oh, my cuss.
Is she blind?
She might have astigmatism
or possibly a cataract of some form.
Anyway, her eyes don't see well.
-(door squeaking open)
-(Kylie gasps)
(sinister music playing)
Wooh! Ah!
What'd I tell you?
This kid's a natural. Am I right?
(ominous music playing)
BEAN: Ah, it's so good of you to come.
Lovely to see you.
You're both looking splendid.
How have you been, Walter?
In good health, I trust?
-Uh, we--
-BEAN: Nathan? All's well?
-Uh--
-BEAN: Wonderful.
Any fox problems?
-Are you joking?
-It's horrible.
-We're miserable.
-He's laughing at us.
-It's humiliating.
-We're furious.
I don't even want to talk about it.
(slurping slowly)
Perhaps we ought to kill him.
-Well, that seems rather obvious.
-He's too sneaky.
Ah, right, of course.
He's very clever, isn't he?
Might be a bit difficult,
I suppose.
(glass shattering)
(dogs barking)
But I've already figured out
where this fox lives.
And tomorrow night,
we'll camp in the bushes,
wait for him to come out
the hole in his tree
and shoot the cuss to smithereens.
How does that grab you, fellas?
-BUNCE: Hmm. Yeah.
-BOGGIS: Yeah. I don't see why not.
(door creaking open)
MRS. FOX:
Another book party?
Whoa. I didn't see you
sitting in the dark over there.
Yeah. No, actually,
there was a fire.
I just got the call.
They said maybe it's arson.
I gotta interview the marshal
and see what's...
Kylie, is he telling the truth?
(stammering)
I don't want to be put
in the middle of this.
Thanks, Kylie.
Why is he wearing that bandit hat?
His ears were cold.
He's not with us. Go back to bed.
If what I think is happening
is happening,
it better not be.
(ominous music playing)
(sniffing)
Nice job covering for me.
-Next time...
-(rustling)
(growling softly)
(beeping)
(wind blowing)
(sniffing)
All three!
-BEAN: Kill him!
-(Mr. Fox and Kylie screaming)
(somber music playing)
We got the tail,
but we missed the fox.
Petey, sorry to wake you.
Can I trouble you
to dash out here right away
with, shall we say, three shovels,
two pickaxes,
500 rounds of ammunition,
and, um...
a bottle of apple cider?
-ASH: It'll grow back, won't it?
-Tails don't grow back.
-Tails don't grow back?
-Mm-mm. Except for lizards.
Tails don't grow back.
I'm gonna be tail-less
for the rest of my life.
Well, anyway, it's not half as bad as
double pneumonia, right?
I mean, his dad's got
one foot in the grave
and three feet on a banana peel.
That's a lot worse than...
Excuse me, everyone. I'm going to go
meditate for half an hour.
You have got 29 minutes
to come up with a proper apology.
Me? Me have an apology?
He gets a bandit hat?
He just got here, he got a bandit hat?
Where's my bandit hat?
Why didn't I get shot at?
It's because you think (yells angrily)
I'm no good at anything!
Well, maybe, you're right, thanks.
(Mr. Fox sighs)
I told you not to bring him.
Why the cuss didn't I
listen to my lawyer?
At this point, we'll be lucky
if we can flip this tree
for half of what
we've already sunk into it.
I won't be able to sleep
on my back for six weeks,
and on my stomach,
I feel congested.
Why the cuss didn't I
listen to my lawyer?
-Because you don't listen to anybody.
-(thudding)
What was that?
-MRS. FOX: What? I said...
-(rattling)
Wake up, everybody!
They're digging us out!
-They'll kill the children.
-Over my dead body, they will.
That's what I'm saying.
You'd be dead too, in that scenario.
Well, I'm arguing against that.
-What are you talking about?
-Why are you yelling?
Stop, stop, stop!
You say one thing, she says another,
and it all changes back again!
(cracking)
(thudding)
I've got it. There's not
a moment to lose.
-Why didn't I think of this sooner?
-Think of what?
We've been trapped before.
(shouting) Dig!
(upbeat music playing)
(all grunting)
(all panting)
I think it's time for me to give us
a pep talk and explain some things.
A very long time ago...
May I have a word
with you privately?
Well, we're in a hole here.
Just on the other side of this
mineral deposit. Follow me.
(breathing shallowly)
I'm going to lose my temper now.
-When?
-Right now.
Well, when?
(groaning)
Twelve fox-years ago,
you made a promise to me
while we were caged
in that fox trap that, if we survived,
you would never steal
another chicken, turkey, goose, duck
or squab, whatever they are.
And I believed you.
Why? (sobbing) Why did you lie to me?
Because I'm a wild animal.
You are also a husband and a father!
I'm trying to tell you
the truth about myself.
I don't care about
the truth about yourself.
This story is too predictable.
Predictable, really?
What happens in the end?
In the end, (sniffles) we all die.
Unless you change.
Petey, listen, run down
to the rental department
at Malloy Consolidated
and place an order
for, shall we say, one Mighty Max,
one Junior Spitfire,
and a long-range Tornado 375 Turbo.
For immediate delivery.
(all laughing maniacally)
(tractors approaching)
Huh?
-Huh?
(rumbling)
("Street Fighting Man" playing)
♪ Everywhere I hear the sound ♪
♪ Of marching charging feet boy ♪
♪ 'Cause summer's here
and the time is right ♪
♪ For fighting in the streets boy ♪
Ash, are you mad at me?
I understand if you are,
and I'm sorry.
I wouldn't have ever
involved your cousin
if I'd realized you'd feel this way.
It was only ever just because
he's kind of a natural,
I mean... I...
Look at him dig!
(all grunting)
Anyway, I'm sorry if you feel...
You know what? I'm gonna
just put dirt in my ears.
Yeah, that's better. I can't
hear you now, but keep talking.
♪ Get down ♪
(tractors shutting down)
(Kristofferson chanting softly)
I don't have beagle ticks, by the way.
(stammering)
Well, me, neither.
Whoever said we had beagle ticks,
by the way?
Apparently, that's what
you've been telling everyone.
Beagle ticks and pelt lice.
I never said that. And you're
misquoting me. Or somebody is.
But I'm gonna get
to the bottom of it.
Look, Ash, we may or may not
ever see the light of day again,
but I really like Agnes
and I think she likes me.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Great.
Well, she's a free agent.
What do I care?
Well, then why are you
dead set on...
-Can I ask you a question?
-You may.
What's the point of
sitting on the floor
with your legs
twisted into a pretzel
talking to yourself
for an hour and 45 minutes?
It's weird.
My father and I first started
practicing meditation
together when I was--
Yeah, well, that's great,
but I'd worry more
about what that does
for your reputation
than whether or not
you have beagle ticks or not.
I don't. Nor pelt lice.
(sighs)
One of those slovenly farmers
is probably wearing my tail
as a necktie by now.
You're paranoid, Foxy.
REPORTER ON TV:
Farmer, thank you.
Correct me if I'm misreading the data.
You've successfully
destroyed the scenery...
(laughing) Look at Dad's tie.
What will you three
prominent farmers do now?
Well, I can tell you
what we're not going to do.
We're not going to let him go.
(beeps)
(buzzing)
Stand clear, please.
Stand clear, everyone.
Contact!
Boggis, how many men have you got
working on your farm?
-35.
-Bunce?
-36.
-I've got 37.
That... Carry the zero,
divide by two...
That's 108 all together.
Petey, drop everything
and assemble all 108 members
of our entire three
combined work forces.
We're gonna starve them out
and then kill them.
Starting in, uh...
shall we say, 15 minutes?
REPORTER: An estimated 108 snipers
are currently in position,
surrounding the demolished
fox residence.
Any local animals would appear
to be trapped underground
without provisions of any kind
at this point.
If I had a crystal ball,
I'd predict a fairly grisly outcome
to this situation.
But we'll stay on the scene,
watching closely,
as events continue to unfold.
This is going to be a total
cluster-cuss for everybody.
How long can a fox go
without food or water?
Well, I can only answer
as an opossum,
but I don't think I can last
more than another couple hours
before I get completely
dehydrated and starve to death.
What's that?
(ominous music playing)
(wind blowing)
-ASH: Dad?
-MR. FOX: Not a sound.
(clattering)
You scared the cuss out of us!
(growling angrily)
A lot of good animals
are probably gonna die
because of you!
We've been digging
in circles for three days.
Half the woods have been obliterated.
Nobody can get out.
Right now, my wife's huddled
at the bottom of a flint-mine
with no food, no water,
and 27 starving animal brats!
I just want to see a little sunshine.
But you're nocturnal, Phil.
Your eyes barely even open
on a good day.
I'm sick of your double-talk!
We have rights!
We don't like you
and we hate your dad.
Now grab some of that mud,
chew it in your mouth and swallow it.
-I'm not going to eat mud.
-Cuss, yeah, you are.
Don't do that.
Why'd you take your shoes off?
So I don't break your nose
when I kick it.
(grunting)
(whimpering)
I can fight my own fights.
No, you can't.
Those farmers aren't gonna quit
until they've got you
and every member of your family
nailed upside-down to a bloody stick
with your eyes gorged out.
This is getting a little too personal.
Give me a minute.
(muttering unintelligibly)
I've got an idea.
-What is it?
-It could be a good one.
-Lay it on us.
-It might save our lives.
Say the idea!
All right. Let's try it.
Go to the flint-mine,
tell Mrs. Badger et al.
that help is on the way.
Is help on the way?
I sure as cuss hope so.
Ash, I know what it's like to feel...
different.
I'm not different.
Am I?
We all are. Him, especially.
But there's something kind of
fantastic about that, isn't there?
Hmm. Not to me.
I'd prefer to be an athlete.
Gentlemen,
this time, we must dig
in a very special direction.
We gotta kinda feel out the vibe.
Begin.
(Mr. Fox snarling)
(thuds)
Whoo-hoo! Come on! You guys...
You're not... Come on.
I hit it slap in the middle.
Do you get how incredible this is?
(whistles, clicks tongue)
("Petey's song" playing)
♪ 'Bout a handsome little fox
Let me sing you folks a yarn ♪
♪ Hey, diddle-dee daddle-da
doddle-do doodle-dum ♪
♪ 'Twas a splendid little fella ♪
♪ Full of wit and grace and charm ♪
♪ Say zippy-zee zappy-za
yappy-yo google-gum ♪
♪ Well like any little critter ♪
♪ Needing vittles for his little-uns ♪
♪ Well he stole and he cheated
and he lied just to survive ♪
♪ With a doodle-dum diddle-die
duddle-diddle, doodle-dum ♪
♪ Doodle-dum diddle-die
doddle-diddle doodle-dum ♪
♪ With a zippy-zo zippy-zay
zippy-zappy zoopy-zee ♪
♪ Zippy-zo zippy-zay
♪ Oh doo-dah doo-dah day! ♪
♪ Let me take a little tick now
to color in the scene ♪
♪ 'Cross the valley
lived three yokels ♪
♪ Name of Boggis Bunce and Bean ♪
♪ Now these three crazy jackies
had our hero on the run ♪
♪ Shot the tail off the cuss
With a fox-shooting gun ♪
♪ But that stylish little fox
Was clever as a whip ♪
♪ Dug as quick as a gopher
That was hyperactive ♪
(people whooping)
♪ Now those three farmers sit ♪
♪ 'Twhere there a hole
'twas once a hill ♪
♪ Singing diddle-dee daddle-da ♪
♪ Doddle-do doodle-dum ♪
♪ And as far as I can reckon ♪
♪ They're sitting up there still ♪
♪ Singing zippy-zee
zappy-za, yoppy-yo... ♪
What are you singing, Petey?
Just... Just making it up
as I went along, really.
That's just weak songwriting.
You wrote a bad song, Petey!
(clattering, rumbling)
We took everything!
They took everything?
Let me call you back, Petey.
Well, they could be anywhere by now.
They're digging right under our feet.
Well, in a sense,
we've only made matters worse.
We should have stayed out of it.
(panting)
(exclaiming angrily)
(bubbling, beeping)
I've got an idea.
(playing piano)
I'm still not getting a signal.
Is anybody getting reception?
BADGER: I don't have any signal,
but I haven't had any...
I've had a problem with that.
Crisp up those ducks.
Drag those chickens.
Slow 'em down just a little bit.
We're a little ahead.
Where are the apples?
Still out? Still have 'em raw?
Well, slice them up.
Let's get them in the pan.
I can imagine how painful,
even just emotionally,
that must be for you.
Oh, you know, it's not
the end of the world.
Oh, but, Foxy, how humiliating,
having your whole tail
blown clean off by--
Can we drop it?
Yeah, really good,
sweet, and nice.
Hey. (whistles)
They say you're a natural.
True or false?
-I was...
-Answer the question.
-True, I guess.
-Correct.
Get outta here, Agnes.
I need a private word
with Kristofferson.
Wait, just a minute.
She doesn't...
I don't mind. I'm gonna
go talk to the...
Listen to me. I just had a brainstorm
for something fantastic
I've got to do.
But I can't do it alone.
-I'm not interested.
-Hear me out.
No, thanks. I think foxes from
your side of the family
take unnecessary risks.
Only because they've got the guts
in their blood.
And so do we.
-Was I a bit rude to Agnes?
-Yeah.
I should probably say something,
shouldn't I?
I'll say something to her
in a minute.
What's the brainstorm?
-In a nutshell?
-Uh-huh.
We're going to steal back
my dad's tail.
Whoa! (whistles)
Whew! Hmm.
-(beeps)
-BEAN (over radio): Okay, chief.
Here we go.
(cider gushing)
Well, (chuckles) it took
a near catastrophe
for all of you to finally take me up
on my offer
to have you over
to the flint-mine for dinner.
But I guess we have--
I'm sorry. Maybe my invitation
got lost in the mail.
(chuckling) Does anybody know
what this badger's talking about?
(all laughing)
No, no. No, but Clive's right.
In all seriousness,
excuse me, B.
I guess we do have these three
ugly farmers to thank for one thing.
Reminding us to be thankful
and aware of each other.
I'm gonna say it again. Aware.
(exhilarating music playing)
-I don't feel safe.
-That's because we're not.
You should probably put
your bandit hat on now.
Personally, I don't have one,
but I modified this tube sock.
-We look good.
-Yeah, we do.
Now, where would you keep
a prized tail,
if you collected them,
if that was your hobby?
I'd probably hang it
over the mantelpiece.
(snaps fingers) Right.
Good. In fact...
(sniffing)
What's that smell?
Ever tasted one of Mrs. Bean's
famous nutmeg-ginger-apple-snaps?
Well, how do you do?
They are so warm.
(both snarling)
-Uh-oh. We got it wrong.
-What?
It's not over the mantelpiece.
The necktie.
(door opening)
-(shushing)
-(whispering) Let's go!
-Hang on.
-What?
-Two more.
-She's there.
She can't see.
(both gasp)
(both screaming)
(slow, enchanting music playing)
Look at each other.
Here we are. Wow.
Now, I've already had too much
to drink and I'm feeling sentimental,
but I'm gonna
say something anyway,
which nobody wants to admit,
but I think is probably true.
We beat them.
We beat those farmers
and now we're triumphantly
eating their roasted chicken,
their sizzling duck,
their succulent turkey,
their foie gras...
-Where'd the boys go?
-MRS. FOX: Wha... Where...
-Ash? Kristofferson?
-Boys?
Oh, my God.
That was crazy.
I can't believe
what just happened in there.
Come on, let's get out of here!
Let's go! Where are we?
Where are we?
Where are we? Wha...
Kristofferson?
What am I hearing again, baby?
What's happening?
Am I still paranoid?
(rumbling)
Cider.
(all screaming)
(animals coughing)
What just happened?
Something with cider.
That was dangerous. Is anyone hurt?
We're all hurt. My entire flint-mine
just got demolished.
Apple juice. Apple juice flood.
Let's do a head count.
Everybody pick a buddy.
Where'd the boys go?
-Ash! Kristofferson! Ash!
-Ash!
ASH: I'm here!
-MR. FOX: Ash. Who's your buddy?
-Kristofferson.
-Where is he?
-I don't know.
-Why not?
-I lost him.
You lo...
You lost him?
-I lost him. We were in the kitchen.
-Where were you?
I was in the kitchen. I was...
We were trying to find the necktie.
What are you talking about?
It's my fault.
Oh, no. Where did you get
that nutmeg-ginger-apple-snap,
and why are you wearing
that fake bandit hat?
We went to steal back your tail.
(gasping)
MR. FOX AND ASH:
Kristofferson!
Wrap this wet little mutt
in a newspaper
and put him in a box with some holes
punched in the top.
There's only one way
out of the sewer,
but the manhole cover's closed
and there's a station wagon
parked on it.
Which means we're permanently
stuck down here.
You still think we beat them, Foxy?
(sniffling)
(melancholy music playing)
Badger's right.
These farmers aren't going to quit
until they catch me.
I shouldn't have lied to your face
I shouldn't have fallen off the wagon
and started secretly stealing
chickens on the sly.
I shouldn't have
pushed these farmers so far
and tried to embarrass them
and cuss with their heads.
I enjoyed it,
but I shouldn't have done it.
And now, there's only one way out.
Maybe if I hand myself over
and let them kill me,
stuff me and hang me
over their mantelpiece...
You'll do no such thing.
Darling, maybe they'll let
everyone else live.
(sorrowfully) Oh, why did you have to
get us into this, Foxy?
I don't know,
but I have a possible theory.
I think I have this thing
where I need everybody
to think I'm the greatest,
the "Fantastic Mr. Fox."
And if they aren't
completely knocked out
and dazzled
and kind of intimidated by me
then I don't feel good
about myself.
Foxes traditionally like
to court danger,
hunt prey
and outsmart predators.
And that's what
I'm actually good at.
I think, at the end of the day,
I'm just...
I know. We're wild animals.
Hmm.
I guess we always were.
I promise you, if I had all this
to do over again,
I'd have never let you down.
It was always more fun
when we did it together, anyway.
-I love you, Felicity.
-I love you too.
But I shouldn't have married you.
Did I ever tell you about the time
I learned we were gonna have a cub?
-In the fox trap.
-Right.
-We were at gunpoint, and mother--
-Said she's pregnant.
Let me tell it, okay?
I had no idea how we were gonna
get out of this jam,
and then it hit me.
What do foxes do
better than any other animal?
-Dig.
-You're stepping on my lines.
-Right. Keep telling it.
-So we dug.
And the whole time I put paw over paw,
scooping dirt and pebble,
with your mother digging like crazy
beside me,
I kept wondering,
"Who is this little boy going to be?"
-Or girl.
-Or girl. Right.
Because at that point, we didn't know.
Ash, I'm so glad he was you.
It's not your fault. It's mine.
(enchanting music playing)
(whistles, clicks tongue)
Good-bye.
Well, I guess we should,
uh, probably split into
a certain number of groups
and start doing something, right?
(whimpering)
(clearing throat)
Could I have a glass of water?
(panting)
Uh... Excuse me. Excuse me!
Kristofferson! Hello!
Can you hear us?
Kristofferson!
RAT: They got the boy.
(sinister music playing)
They want to trade the son
for his papa.
BADGER: Why'd they write this
in letters cut out of magazines?
To protect their identities.
Oh, right.
But then why'd they sign their names?
Plus we already knew who they were
because they're trying to kill us.
BADGER: "Mr. Fox, we have your son.
If you ever want to see him
alive again..."
ASH: You took the wrong fox!
I'm his son.
I can see the resemblance.
(screams aggressively)
What was that?
ASH: (echoing) Dad!
(Ash screaming)
(gasps)
(grunting)
(growling)
Stop, man, come on, stop!
(exclaims, grunts)
(whoops, laughs)
Look at you, girl.
You're still as fine-looking
as a creme brulee.
Am I being flirted with
by a psychotic rat?
(hissing)
-MRS. FOX: Ash!
-ASH: Let me out!
-(Rat growling)
-Excuse me. May I cut in?
(growls)
-(Mrs. Fox grunts)
-(Rat hisses)
(both grunting)
(Rat exclaiming in pain)
(Rat groaning weakly)
(choking weakly)
(softly)
The boy's locked in an apple crate
on top of a gun locker
in the attic of Bean Annex.
Would you have told me
if I didn't kill you first?
Never.
All these wasted years.
What were you looking for, Rat?
(Rat stammering weakly)
He's trying to say something, Dad.
Cider.
MR. FOX: Here you are, Rat.
A beaker of Bean's finest
secret cider.
(weakly) like melted gold.
(moaning softly)
-He redeemed himself.
-Redemption, sure.
But in the end,
he's just another dead rat
in a garbage pail
behind a Chinese restaurant.
-He went bananas.
-Yes, he did.
My suicide mission has been canceled.
We're replacing it with a go-for-broke
rescue mission.
In a way, I'm almost glad
that flood interrupted us,
because I don't like the toast
I was giving. I'm going to start over.
("Grand Choral" playing)
When I look down this table,
with the exquisite feast
set before us,
I see two terrific lawyers,
a skilled pediatrician,
a wonderful chef,
a savvy real estate agent,
an excellent tailor,
a crack accountant,
a gifted musician,
a pretty good minnow fisherman,
and possibly,
the best landscape painter
working on the scene today.
Maybe a few of you might even
read my column from time to time.
Who knows?
I tend to doubt it.
I also see a room
full of wild animals.
Wild animals with true natures
and pure talents.
Wild animals with scientific-sounding
Latin names
that mean something about our DNA.
Wild animals, each with his own
strengths and weaknesses
due to his or her species.
Anyway, I think it may very well be
all the beautiful differences
among us that might just give us
the tiniest glimmer
of a chance of saving my nephew
and letting me make it up to you
for getting us into
this crazy whatever-it-is.
I don't know, it's just a thought.
Thank you for listening.
Cheers, everyone.
(imitates glass shattering)
KYLIE: Let's eat!
What? I was just playing along
with the bit he was doing.
Will you join me?
I will.
-ALL: Oh, all right, I guess.
-Thank you.
All right, let's start planning.
Who knows shorthand? Great.
Linda, Lutra lutra.
You got some dry paper? Here we go.
-Mole, Talpa europea. What do you got?
-I can see in the dark.
That's incredible. We can use that.
-Linda?
-Got it.
-Rabbit, Oryctolagus cuniculus.
-I'm fast.
-You bet you are. Linda?
-Got it.
-Beaver, Castor fiber.
-I chew through wood.
-Amazing! Linda!
-Got it.
-Badger, Meles meles!
-Demolitions expert.
-What? Since when?
-Explosions, flames, burning things!
-Demolitions expert. Okay, Linda?
-Got it.
-Weasel, Mustela nivalis!
-Stop yelling!
(whooping excitedly)
All right.
MR. FOX: Ash, you get
these little kids organized
and put together
some kind of K.P. unit
or something to keep this sewer clean.
It's good for morale.
-Done. What's K.P.?
-Um, I think it means janitors.
FIELD MOUSE: Hey, hey.
Me. Yo, over here, hey.
I want to go. I want to fight.
Good. Fabulous.
Microtus pennsylvanicus.
(chuckling)
I didn't get a job yet.
Or a Latin name. What's my strength?
Listen, you're Kylie.
You're an unbelievably nice guy.
Your job is really
just to be available, I think.
I don't know your Latin name.
I doubt they even had
opossums in ancient Rome.
-It's stupendous! Where's us?
-Right here.
Paint an X.
MR. FOX: Dear Farmers
Boggis, Bunce and Bean,
I have no alternative
but to agree to your terms.
Move the station wagon
and open the manhole cover
below the foot of the drainpipe
next to the cobbler shop
and meet me there today
at 10:00 a.m. sharp.
I will hand myself over to you
in exchange
for the boy's safe return.
Cordially, Mr. Fox.
Why'd he write this
in letters cut out of magazines?
BOGGIS: I don't know,
but you did the same thing.
I don't trust this guy.
Anyway, set up the ambush.
Synchronize your clocks.
The time is now 9:45 a.m.
(watches beeping)
Here, put these bandit hats on.
(electricity crackles)
(engine sputtering)
(solemn instrumental music playing)
(ticking)
(beeping)
Did you bring the boy?
Of course we did.
Say something, kid.
KRISTOFFERSON (over tape player):
Excuse me. Excuse me!
Come on. That doesn't
sound anything like him.
It's amateur night in Dixie.
(blows)
What the cuss is he burning?
CHILDREN (whispering):
Boggis, Bunce, Bean.
One fat, one short, one lean.
(all laughing)
Is that all you've got, Mr. Fox?
♪ Boggis Bunce and Bean ♪
♪ One fat one short one lean ♪
♪ These horrible crooks
so different in looks ♪
♪ Were nonetheless equally mean... ♪
It's unclear whether these...
(alarm bell ringing)
♪ Boggis Bunce and Bean ♪
♪ One fat one short one lean ♪
♪ Horrible crooks
so different in looks ♪
♪ Were nonetheless equally mean ♪
(all exclaiming in pain)
28 pinecones fired,
22 targets hit.
Decoy phase, go.
Yes, sir. Domino Santo...
(mutters unintelligibly)
(whooping)
(all exclaiming)
(stammering) Dad's on fire!
(exclaiming)
Foxy, you're on.
We're ready.
I'm going to find him
and I'm gonna bring him back.
I know you will.
Contact!
("Grand Choral" playing)
Are you scared of wolves?
Scared? No.
I have a phobia of them.
-I have a thing about thunder.
-Why? That's stupid.
I don't like needles myself.
Where'd you come from again?
How did you get in the sidecar?
I feel like I'm losing my mind.
(tires screeching)
PILOT: I've got a fox on a motorcycle,
with a littler fox
and what looks like to be
an opossum in the sidecar,
riding north on Farm Lane Seven.
Does that sound like
anything to anybody?
BEAN:
(over radio) Red, it's Franklin Bean.
Turn around, get the cuss back here
and pick us up on the ASAP.
(flipping switches)
All right, here we go.
Ah!
-Kylie, you got a credit card?
-Sure.
See? This is what I was saying
about how good you are,
just being available.
A titanium card?
How the cuss did you qualify for this?
I pay my bills on time.
I've always had good credit.
(exclaims in delight)
(whistles, clicks tongue)
-Come on.
-Wa... Wait a second.
What's this thing you do?
The whistle with the clicking sound?
What do you mean?
That's my trademark.
(whistles, clicks tongue)
(exhilarating music playing)
Give me a blueberry.
What?
-Blueberry.
-Huh? You didn't say anything...
You forgot the blueberries?
I did say it. I wrote it on your paw!
-Oh.
-Yeah.
It's written on the front of your paw.
What's that white stuff
around his mouth?
I think he eats soap.
-That's not soap.
-Then why does he have that bubbly...
He's rabid. With rabies.
I've heard about this beagle.
You two go ahead
while I distract him.
(toy squeaks)
(door creaking open)
Huh? Wha...
(shushes)
ASH: Hey.
I can fit through there.
Hmm?
-You want to know why?
-Why?
Because I'm little.
Give me that shoelace.
(Ash breathing heavily)
Psst! Psst!
(whispering) It's me.
I'm rescuing you.
I've got mixed feelings
about that.
I don't blame you.
Can you give me
a karate lesson real quick?
Okay.
Stand like this.
Position yourself
on the balls of your feet.
Close your eyes.
You weigh less than a slice of bread.
I feel there's a tenderness
in your eyes, isn't there?
Yes, I'm right.
Let's revie
the principal agility techniques:
jumping, flipping, landing.
MR. FOX: You're a good boy.
A little lonely, maybe,
but terribly sweet.
Is your name Spitz?
That's German, isn't it?
Now, for a rudimentary version
of the cyclone chop.
First, need to get a running start,
which, obviously, I can't do in here.
Then, as you arrive
at the destination of the chop,
lean and thrust into the
point of contact,
paw remains open and straight,
then withdraw instantaneously.
Remember, it's the pull-back
that matters.
The pull-back generates
the force of the impact.
Got it.
Yeah, I'm just going to
chop this thing right off.
(chanting)
He's going to do it.
Why, you're just
as sweet as a...
(growling)
I thought he said
never look a beagle in the eye.
(grunting)
(gasping)
Did... Did you chop it?
(softly) Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no.
-(Kristofferson exclaiming in panic)
-(thuds)
(growling)
(snarling)
-(Spitz barking)
-(Mr. Fox screaming)
ASH: Kristofferson?
Kristofferson?
Uh, I'm okay.
I'm okay.
I'm sorry.
That's all right. You were just trying
to unlock the apple crate.
No. I mean I'm sorry
about... If...
Oh, you mean from before.
The apology you owed me,
but never actually said.
Right. I'm grumpy. I spit.
I wake up on
the wrong side of the bed.
I'm just...
different, apparently.
But it won't happen again.
Kristofferson, I'm sorry.
Well, that's all right too.
Throw me the shoelace, please.
(panting)
(barking furiously)
(gasping)
You okay?
(gasps)
(helicopter blades whirring)
(somber music playing)
He's wearing it.
Your tractors uprooted my tree,
your posse hunted my family,
your gunmen kidnapped my nephew,
your rat insulted my wife,
and you shot off my tail.
I'm not leaving here
without that necktie.
Kill him!
(gunfire)
Actually, we should just go.
Where did I park?
I weigh less than a slice of bread.
-What?
-ASH: I'll be right back.
-Ash!
-(gunfire)
-(grunting)
Dodge the grabbers, duck the taggers,
jump the twig-basket
and knock the cedar-stick
off the cross-rock!
(gunshots)
Hee-yah!
(Ash whoops)
Hot box!
-(barking)
-(all screaming)
(laughing)
(Spitz snarling)
-(Spitz barking)
-(all exclaiming in fear)
(gunfire)
Ash, that was
pure wild animal craziness.
You're an athlete.
Mm-hmm.
Here, put this bandit hat on.
Goggles.
♪ Boggis Bunce and Bean ♪
♪ One fat one short one lean ♪
♪ These horrible crooks
So different in looks ♪
♪ Were nonetheless equally mean ♪
Are you gonna... Uh...
(all exclaiming in panic)
MR. FOX (shouting):
Holy swearing cuss!
(Spitz barking, snarling)
Petey, bring us a ladder, please.
MOLE: Stand by!
I just intercepted a high-frequency
radio signal with the can.
And I think
they're on their way home!
(all cheering, whooping)
-Don't turn around.
-What?
(tires screeching)
(captivating music playing)
Where'd he come from?
Where'd you come from?
What are you doing here?
Canis lupus.
Vulpes vulpes.
I don't think
he speaks English or Latin.
(speaking French)
I'm asking if he thinks
we're in for a hard winter.
He doesn't seem to know.
I have a phobia of wolves!
What a beautiful creature.
-Wish him luck, boys.
-Good luck to you.
-Good luck, wolf.
-Good luck out there.
(train chugging)
These three,
in this reporter's opinion,
obsessed farmers
remain convinced the fox in question
will eventually reappear.
-Why?
-Foxes aren't meant to live in sewer.
--They're refugees.
-All they have to eat
-down there is, umm...
-Trash!
And not much of it.
Uh-huh.
Thank you, farmers.
For Action 12, this is Dan Peabody.
-What are we looking at?
-It's just his tonsils.
-They are a little swollen.
-Is it serious?
No. Hopefully,
he won't have to lose them.
Lose the tonsils?
I'm hungry.
Well, have some,
um, water. Here.
-BEAVER: We try to keep things simple.
-I like wallpapers.
WEASEL: This is the first time
I've been to a party where
no one serves anything.
(cubs chanting)
My darlings.
-ASH: Where are we going?
-MR. FOX: Nobody knows.
ASH: We were in the middle
of a meditation practice.
Watch your step.
Let's see now, where does this lead?
Oh, no. Foxy, it's filthy.
-MR. FOX: Keep a good grip, everyone.
-This better be worth it.
MR. FOX: I think I see
a little sliver of light.
What's this? Is it a door?
You're a terrible actor, Foxy.
Do you smell something?
Is that (sniffs) Freon?
(shushes) I'm going to
crack open this trap door
and see if something's
on the other side.
I highly doubt it, though.
There's probably just more sewer.
-Wouldn't it be surprising if--
-ASH: Open it.
Hey, look,
there's a whole enormous, glorious,
gigantic supermarket up here.
And they close early on weekends.
(all exclaiming in wonder)
You really are
kind of a "fantastic fox."
I try.
Get enough to share with everybody.
And remember,
the Rabbits are vegetarians
and Badger supposedly
can't eat walnuts.
(all snarling)
I guess now that Kristofferson's dad
is already down to single pneumonia
and getting better,
he'll be going home soon, huh?
Actually, when he spoke to me
from the hospital,
he said he was
already talking to Weasel
about real estate availabilities
down in our sewer system.
Oh, really?
Well, now's the time to buy.
Ha!
Okay. I get it.
Is that your trademark?
-I'm pregnant again.
-(gasps) Wow.
I think we're both glowing.
(cheerful music playing)
Do another toast, Dad.
Okay, uh...
Let's see. Uh... Yeah. Right. Okay.
They say all foxes are slightly
allergic to linoleum.
But it's cool to the paw.
Try it.
They say my tail needs to be
dry-cleaned twice a month.
But now, it's fully detachable.
See?
They say our tree
may never grow back.
But one day, something will.
Yes, these crackles
are made of synthetic goose
and these giblets
come from artificial squab.
And even these apples look fake.
But at least
they've got stars on them.
I guess my point is,
we'll eat tonight,
and we'll eat together.
And even in this not particularly
flattering light,
you are, without a doubt,
the five and a half
most wonderful wild animals
I've ever met in my life.
So let's raise our boxes.
To our survival.
(all slurping)
How was that?
Mmm.
That was a good toast.
("Let Her Dance" playing)
♪ Well there she goes
with a brand new love affair ♪
♪ Dancing with him
like she don't even care ♪
♪ Well let her dance with him
Let her dance all night long ♪
♪ Let her dance let her dance
Let her dance dance dance ♪
♪ Well who would have known
that just yesterday ♪
♪ She danced with me
the very same way ♪
♪ Well let her dance with him
Let her dance all night long ♪
♪ Let her dance let her dance
Let her dance dance dance ♪
♪ Well let her dance with him
all night long ♪
♪ Let her dance
to our favorite song ♪
♪ Well let her dance with him
Let her dance all night long ♪
♪ Let her dance let her dance
Let her dance dance dance ♪
♪ Well I'll find me a new love
And then she'll see ♪
♪ Someone else will be
dancing with me ♪
♪ Well let her dance with him
Let her dance all night long ♪
♪ Let her dance let her dance
Let her dance dance dance ♪
♪ Well let her dance with him
all night long ♪
♪ Let her dance
to our favorite song ♪
♪ Well let her dance with him
Let her dance all night long ♪
♪ Let her dance let her dance
Let her dance dance dance ♪
♪ Well let her dance with him
all night long ♪
♪ Let her dance
to our favorite song ♪
♪ Let her dance with him
Let her dance all night long ♪
♪ Let her dance let her dance
Let her dance dance dance ♪
(whistling)
(speaking French)
("Petey's Song" playing)
♪ Doodle-dum diddle-die
duddle-diddle doodle-dee ♪
♪ Zippy-zo zippy-zay
zippy-zappy zoopy-zee ♪
♪ Doodle-dum diddle-die
duddle-diddle doodle-dee ♪
♪ Zippy-zo zippy-zay
zippy-zappy zoopy-zee ♪
(lively instrumental music playing)
(upbeat instrumental music playing)